Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 0: the start
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 1: Bishop to A55
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 2: Queen divorces the king.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 3: White king has a midlife crisis and summons his best friend: the black king
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 4: Queen Alexandra’s Birdwing to D1
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 5: Supply convoy to E0
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 6: White horsey comes out as gay and turns into a unicorn
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 7: Black queen has girl's parts and blue, green and red queens join the board
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 8: All pawns have been scrambled and are now hidden mines. (like minesweeper)
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 9: Kings go to Disney world and leave their pawn body doubles to stand in for them with very little prep
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 10: The castles are renovated into gaudy commercial establishments
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 11: Titanic sinks on F6
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 12: Sf6 (you can't see it because it's underwater and imploded)
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 13: Prigozhin retreats to C0
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 14: Green Queen is actually Fiona from Shrek and turns into a human
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 15: Sxf6 titan catastrophically implodes leaving a debris field from e5 to g6 and one of the pawn mines explodes on e6
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 16: Vanilla extract to B3
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 17: Unicorn to F3 and shoots a healing rainbow from it's horn to heal the exploded pawn
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 18: Black and white horse become gay roommates and live in the bottom right corner together.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 19: All the white pieces line up for Starbucks.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 20: It’s 4th of July. Aliens attack, a wild Will Smith appears.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 21: Profits soar! Zuck expands to 4 squares
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 22: Zuck gets defederated by all pieces on board, they no longer receive his moves
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 23: A0 is now a fractal image of the entire board. A copy of the entire board lives in A0
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 24: The blown up white pieces have been rotting. A strange mold starts appearing on the the dead white queen. A moldy tile will spread to one directly adjacent tile every 24hours, unless stopped.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 25: The lights have been turned off
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 26: Prigozhin takes advantage of the sudden darkness to hide behind the fractal image of the entire board in A0.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 27: Flashlight to F1
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 28: Donkey (from Shrek) on C7
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 29: the aliens are in love with Donkey, the ship beams donkey on board where he transforms into Sexy Donkey (stallion)
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 30: the aliens attempt to woo Sexy Donkey, but he rejects their advance. they launch Sexy Donkey with perfect trajectory to a0. Sexy Donkey becomes caught in a recursive loop until saved
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 31: The flashlights mode is switched to UV light to look for stains
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 32: The largest questionable stain (gh4, gh5) is actually revealed to be The Ooze from the 1995 Sega Megadrive / Genesis game of the same name
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 33: Mold now follows conway’s game of life neighbor rules
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 34: the Black King casts a Fireball and the White King sacrifices his queen to awaken the Great Old Ones
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 35: All blood splatter tiles turn into mold tiles.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 36: Mushroom cloud to giant broccoli.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 37: The fractal image at a0 now has a gravitational pull. Each iteration all pieces move one square closer to it unless another move is applied to it.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 38: zuck gets sucked into the gravitational pull and clogs it
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 39: The board is expanded by 5 squares in each direction
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 40: The black pawns start playing factorio
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 41: The biters attack from the right
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 42: The biters start collecting pieces of the broccoli and carry it to their nest, similar to irl ants.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 43: The ice age begins and the broccoli catches fire. Some of the biters catch fire in the process too
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 44: The light have been turned back on
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 45: The board becomes 3d
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 46: Nothing happens
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 47: The camera pans slightly to the right
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 48: White walkers appear on the top row following the ice as it goes down
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 49: the factorio dude (or gal) locates a metal deposit in the south of the board and places down a system of miners which attracts biters.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 50: Camera zooms a little towards the board
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 51: Black pawns notice the walkers and build fortifications with turrets to the north of the factory
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 52: The black pawns go on strike for higher wages, health insurance, and at least four weeks of vacation a year.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 53: the board begins to experience plate(board?) tectonics, with the main 2/3 of the board subducting slowly under the bottom right third.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 54: A mysterious trapdoor opens in the floor next to the table…
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 55: The rainbow unicorn moves to the border of the table and casts a beam into the hole.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 56: The rainbow beam takes more curves and turns into the rainbow road. Mario, Luigi and Bowser drive out of the hole with their carts.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 57: As the drivers approach the board, an item box appears on G4
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 58: Skateboarding Joe Biden to H3 and Nyan cat flies in from left to right and does a loop around the rainbow road
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 59: A gigantic Cthulhu emerges from under the board spanning A2 to H6 and threatens to gobble up all the things.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 60: Nyan cat kamikaze into cthulu.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 61: All the pieces evacuate the board onto the rainbow road, then start a race.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 62: The current 3d perspective is replaced with a 2d overview of the track and ongoing race.
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 63: Zuck is blue shell'd
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 64: The smoke from the explosion clears and we see a crab rave and the git man page is now in background
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 65: pawn to b2
Top comment decides next move, legal or not | day 66: A family of ducklings crosses the road and brings the race to a temporary halt
